There once was a young child named Eldenwyre. She was handsome, pretty, and strong. Little did She know, She was destined for greatness.

Young Eldenwyre grew up playing in the marketplace. 
She found all the creatures there fascinating, while most kids feared them.
The merchants there were not the friendliest to kids, but Eldenwyre didn't mind. 
There was Max Ter'Forg'r, the ugly orc, who worked as a blacksmith. 
He sold many goods to adventures, many of which would never return. 
Young Eldenwyre remembers the first time Her father sent them to purchase from the renown blacksmith. 
It was a simple order, but one that was necessary for the daily chores: 257 Hammers and 2 horseshoes.
It was a big step for Eldenwyre, as it was Her first time heading to the market alone. 
"That'll be 2902 gold" said Max Ter'Forg'r!
Eldenwyre handed the man the money Her father gave them and began to head home.

On Her way home, She couldn't help but to stop at Linda's Bakery. 
She always treated Eldenwyre with love and care, like a older sister and her younger sibling. 
Some days, she'd send Eldenwyre home with a big batch of sweets.
Eldenwyre's favorite was when it was the loaded basket of sweets and one GIANT anpan.
However, as Eldenwyre stepped from the shop, a blast came from the other side of town. She ran home as quickly as She could.
Sprinting through the street, as flames engulf buildings. A sinister snicker echos through the air, as a luminescent robed witch floats down infront of Eldenwyre.
With a twisted smile, she whispers an incantation "6IeDh2rThLECqqP5cGbtBxMpwisU" and Eldenwyre falls unconcious...

When Eldenwyre wakes up, it's dusk. There's sand under Her feet. As they look around, they see they are in the nearby ocean-ridge. 
On the branch above Her head, sat a large flock of birds.
She counted them by color: 18 blood-red and 499 silver. A few of the bushes nearby had a number of flowers on them: 239 crimson and 164 black. 
And then, the colors fade as Eldenwyre collapses to the ground. Exhausted. To be continued...

